Come on, class.
The teacher has an announcement to make
Lin Xiaoxiao, the first place in the last dance competition
Because of cheating on the exam
Has been disqualified
The first place in the dance competition should be Mu Xinxin
classmate
Okay, if there's nothing else, let's get out of class
Congratulations, thank you Xinxin
Congratulations!
This first should have been yours
Teacher Zhang, please announce the result of the competition
I announce the winner of this dance competition is
Lin Xiaoxiao
It's all your arrangement, right?
Thanks.
Take a look at this contract
It's mine.
It will be very helpful for your future
There are also terms in it that can help you treat
Is that okay?
The first place should have been yours
You don't want to accept me
It doesn't matter if I don't sing
But you deserve the chance to sign with Lu Enterprises
You took away my first place with one word before.
Let me go to hell
Now you say a word
You destroy him